FILEBEAT
Lightweight shipper for logs
Forget using SSH when you have tens, hundreds, or even thousands of servers, virtual machines, and containers generating logs. Filebeat helps you keep the simple things simple by offering a lightweight way to forward and centralize logs and files.

METRICBEAT
Lightweight shipper for metrics
Collect metrics from your systems and services. From CPU to memory, Redis to NGINX, and much more, Metricbeat is a lightweight way to send system and service statistics.

PACKETBEAT
Lightweight shipper for network data
Monitoring your network traffic is critical to gaining observability over your environment — ensuring high levels of performance and security. Packetbeat is a lightweight network packet analyzer that sends data from your hosts and containers to Logstash or Elasticsearch. 

WINLOGBEAT
Lightweight shipper for Windows event logs
Keep a pulse on what's happening across your Windows-based infrastructure. Stream Windows event logs to Elasticsearch and Logstash with Winlogbeat.

AUDITBEAT
Lightweight shipper for audit data
Collect your Linux audit framework data and monitor the integrity of your files. Auditbeat ships these events in real time to the rest of the Elastic Stack for further analysis.

HEARTBEAT
Lightweight shipper for uptime monitoring
Monitor services for their availability with active probing. Given a list of URLs, Heartbeat asks the simple question: Are you alive? Heartbeat ships this information and response time to the rest of the Elastic Stack for further analysis.

FUNCTIONBEAT
Serverless shipper for cloud data
Deploy as a function in your cloud provider’s Function-as-a-Service (FaaS) platform to collect, ship, and monitor data from your cloud services.


Problems with access to Elasticsearch from outside the hosting machine: 
set /etc/elasticsearch/elasticsearch.yml discovery.seed_hosts: []


Load dashboards in Kibana
metricbeat setup --dashboards

Elasticsearch /tmp error during elasticsearch startup
mount -o remount,exec /tmp

Filebeat.yml logs (CentOS 7)
- /var/log/*.log
- /var/log/message
- /var/log/secure
